	I started this project about a month into my web development journey. I had been following a course that skimmed through numerous topics ranging 
	from HTML to CSS and Bootstrap to JS, ES6 and it was beginning to touch on React. I felt somewhat lost during the react section as I felt like my 
	knowledge base of JS fundamentals weren't solid enough to be moving on to React. 

	One of the members of the gym I train at who happens to be a product manager at Google and is a very experienced coder advised me to jump into
	a project head first to solidfy the fundamentals of JS. At the gym I manage, we use a membership webapp that tracks prospects who fill out a webform with their information, stores the information in a database and allows us to access the data through their website in order to reach out to 
	the prospective members. One of my tasks at this gym is to call every single person who gives us their contact info and get them into the gym to see
	how they like it. The membership webapp we use, while good for automation and emails, is absolutely terrible for my purposes as we get upwards of 200 prospects a month, making it very hard to track who has been called, how many times I've attempted to contact through calling, if they wanted a call back, etc. I set out on this project to supplement my work at the gym, I wanted to develop a web app that would parse the data of our prospects and present it to me in a neat fashion where I could add my own notes to every prospect and track various information about each prospect.

	The first major hurdle was that the web app that we use, Rainmaker Membership, does not have an API that would make it easy to extract the data I needed. Instead, I wrote a simple script that would scrape the prospect contact pages and store the names, numbers and opt in dates of each prospect. By creating this part of the webapp, I learned a lot about manipulating strings, creating and manipulating arrays, using AJAX to make HTTP requests and of course there was a ton of debugging to be had. 

	